// The objective of this app is to provide users at the UChicago Law bus stop with distance estimates of nearby (5 minutes away or less) CTA 171 buses. 
// The following sequence should be initiated when a user presses the button “Nearby CTA 171 estimated arrival times” in the app. 
1.	Find the current locations of all running CTA 171 buses. 
    a.	Ping Transit Chicago’s Bus Tracker API to GPS-track all running CTA 171 buses and create a real-time list of their latitudes and longitudes. 
2.	Find the user’s fixed location in latitude and longitude, which is the UChicago Law stop (41.7850641, -87.6011902). 
3.	Calculate the transit distance between the current locations of running CTA 171 buses and the fixed location of the user (in miles), and name this distance Estimated Arrival Distance. 
    a.	Apply the JavaScript version of the Haversine formula to account for the distance being across two points on a sphere (and ensure units are in miles). 
4.	Convert five minutes of bus travel into a transit distance called Threshold Distance. The default Threshold Distance for five minutes should be 2.5 miles (based on the average expected bus speed of 30mph). 
5.	If the Estimated Arrival Distance is equal to or less than the Threshold Distance, then send a message to the user containing a list of all qualifying buses. 
    a.	This should be a conditional if-else statement written in JavaScript. If any CTA 171 bus is within the threshold distance, then show the list of all qualifying buses as a JavaScript alert or SMS message. Otherwise (else) show the text/message “no CTA 171 buses are arriving soon. Please try again after a few minutes.” 
// There are certain optimal factors not included in this pseudocode: (1) direction of buses, which matters particularly where the bus might be stopped (as it usually is) for ~10 minutes at Harris, which an approximate 1-minute walk away from the law school stop but would be calculated by the current app as the CTA 171 bus furthest away from the law school; (2) capacity of buses, i.e. whether a bus might be nearby but lacks space for the user to board; (3) driver changes and breaks, (4) customization based on weather patterns, weekdays vs. weekends, and traffic rush vs. rest hours of each day. 
// The biggest improvement that could be made to Transit Chicago’s Bus Tracker API is to crowdsource time estimates, and include how many passengers the estimates are based on. This would recognize that bus capacity, e.g. whether there will be space for a user on the upcoming bus, is the most valuable information after distance (or another way to understand distance, i.e. distance of the next under-capacity bus). 
